Welcome back everyone.
In this section,
we're gonna be going over different and
various Git commands that
you use to utilize Git.
>> So first, before you create,
or essentially what you
want to do to start your Git
repository is the git init command.
And this will just initialize
a git repository and create a dot
git file that will essentially be the key
to being able to use Git on your computer.
>> However, if you don't want to
create your own repository initially,
you want to just copy someone
else's from GitHub or Bitbucket or
from some other repository, the git clone
command actually helps you achieve that.
You just type in git clone and
type in the URL to wherever
that repository is located.
>> And next we have the git add
command and the git rm or git remove.
And what these commands do is
they essentially add files or
remove files that are being
tracked with your git.
So for example, if Ara has or
if Ara created a new file,
let's say awesome.java, and he wants
to add that to the local repository,
you'd have to do git add awesome.java,
and then if he wants to
remove that file from being tracked with
Git, the he can do git rm to remove it.
>> Next is the git commit command,
which is actually the bread and butter for
Git and basically any type
of version control system.
After you've added all your
files to be tracked, or
removed any files from tracking,
using a git commit command basically
creates a snapshot of that moment in time.
And basically, that's really good for
if you do subsequent commits,
it's gonna go ahead and
keep different versions over time.
>> And also, with commits, you're able to
leave messages to a lot of your teammates,
or your friends, or whoever, to see what
kind of changes you've made, as well.
>> Exactly.
And then the last two commands are the git
push and the git pull command,
which basically go hand in hand.
So we are talking about GitHub and
Bitbucket, so how exactly do we push code
from our computer to those online
repositories and vice versa,
git push pushes code from your computer to
the online repository, whereas git pull
actually pulls any changes that were made
from the repository onto your computer.
So in that way you're able to keep
not only your code updated but
also the repositories.
>> And do note that there are other
Git commands that are available,
however we found that these
are the most common ones that are used.
For full documentation,
you can probably go the Git website and
kind of check them out, as well.
>> Exactly.
So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna,
in the next section,
we're gonna be going over
basically the life cycle of Git.
And as you know, it's kind of in
the same order that these commands are,
more or less.
So I'll go ahead and see you there.